Welcome to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church Podcast.
Our mission is to develop fully devoted followers of Christ.
Thanks for joining us on the podcast. On today's episode, we will have Justin Wester reading Psalm 140 as part of our Psalms Project journey.
Today I'll be reading Psalm 140.
Deliver me, O Lord, from evil men.
Preserved me from violent men.
Who plan evil things in their heart and stir up wars continually
They make their tongues sharp as a serpent's.
And under their lips is the venom of asps.
Guard me, O Lord, from the hands of the wicked.
Preserve me from violent men.
Who have planned to trip up my feet.
The arrogant have hidden the trap from me.
And with cords they have spread a net.
Beside the way they have set snares for me.
I say to the Lord, you are my God.
Give ear to the voice of my pleas for mercy, O Lord.
O Lord, my Lord.
The strength of my salvation
You have covered my head in the day of battle.
Grant not, O Lord, the desires of the wicked,
Do not further their evil plot.
Or they will be exalted.
I will not be able to do anything against you, but I will do anything against
Let the mischief of their lips overwhelm them.
Let burning coals fall upon them.
Let them be cast into fire.
into Myrie Pitts.
No more to rise.
Let not the slanderer be established in the land.
Let evil hunt down the violent man speedily.
I know the Lord will maintain the cause of the afflicted.
and will execute justice for the needy.
"Surely the righteous shall give thanks to your name."
The upright shall dwell in your presence.
And just some questions to think on as you read this psalm, Psalm 140, this psalm.
week and today
The first one is this, what really ensnares you in your walk with God?
Or what really keeps you from following the path
That God has set for you.
And
As you pray to God,
And ask him to help
What is it specifically that you're asking God to do for you today?
We hope this message was encouraging to you. If you would like this kind of content delivered directly to you, consider subscribing to our channel.
If you'd like more information about our church, please visit us on the web at canopyroads.org. And thanks for listening to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast.